1.
Colonel "Heavy Boy":\n\n"Good evening, Karl!\n\nYour task will be welding the space junk and then selling the resulting Items. You can move objects around the Welding Area with the Left Mouse Button and then use you welder with Right Mouse Button to weld them together. To sell the resulting Items, press the Middle Mouse Button or S. Remember, only Items created from at least two welded objects have any value. Try to weld them together in a groups of 3 as an excercise.\n\nAnd don't forget: welding is bad for your eyesight. I highly recommend equipping your mask with Space button before using your welder. Otherwise your eyes may be quite damaged after some time..."

2.
Colonel "Heavy Boy":\n\n"Ummm, yeah, I guess that was not enough money to buy anything from the shop... But at least you now know there IS a shop!\n\nIf you want to make more money, you should weld together only objects of the same type, this way they will be much more valuable. The larger the resulting Item, the better. But don't get too greedy: your Welding Area item capacity is limited. And don't forget to sell it before your shift is over!\n\nAlso, did I mention that you can now choose which object you want to get? There will be always three options presented, try moving the Item Pusher with A and D buttons to pick the one that you want to have in the Welding Area."

3.
Colonel "Heavy Boy":\n\n"From now on we also want you to create specific stuff for us, so we send you these Quests. For completing a Quest you will be rewarded with some money and sometimes also a new item in the Shop, that you can purchase after the your full shift.\n\nTo complete a Quest, simply sell the Item that contains described items and the reward will be immediately granted to you. And if you are unsatisfied with your current quests, you can also just discard them with LMB. After doing so you will get new ones, hopefully meeting your expectations. Pick your quests wisely: you need to get at least 500zł to successfully complete this tutorial!"